feat: allow to select user for rebase (#1240)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: doc/source/actions.rst

       Note that the ``rebase`` method has many drawbacks, see :ref:`strict
       rebase`.

>    * - ``strict_method_rebase_prefered_user_login``

Reviewer: This is a bit short, no? 🤭

Maybe just something as simple as `bot_account` since we might use it for other things in the action if we ever need too. And `bot` make it explicit that it's not for a user but for a `bot`?

     - string
     -

>      - User login to use for rebasing pull request branches.
>        Due to GitHub API limitation, Mergify have to uses the oauth token of
>        one user of the organization to automatically rebase branches.
>        The user must have already logged to the dashboard once.
>        Instead of letting Mergify picking one organization users randomly, it
>        can be selected here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For certain actions, such as rebasing branches, Mergify has to impersonate a GitHub user.
       If no ``bot_account`` is set, Mergify picks randomly one of the organization users instead.
       The user **must** have already been logged in the dashboard once.
```

I feel it's a little bit simpler and more generic this way.
